hey guys this is going to be another
outfit of the day I'm just going to the
shop it's Saturday and I normally get
there um try to eat their own Tom or a
little bit late night show a little bit
late but it's no big deal um so this is
what I'm wearing today you've already
probably seen me wear this before i got
this topic torrid like two or three
years ago and it's just a sheer dotted
top I thought I would wear this before
you know it gets too cold or not too
cold but like before the season you know
is over and we can't wear white so I
thought I would wear this and cami
underneath it and then we have these
lace shorts actually came in yesterday
and they're just like my other Lake
shorts that I got from forever 21 if you
can see them there don't know if you can
see but there's to another three there's
three layers of lace and these fit me
better than the ones from forever 21
they're really stretchy and they're not
as long as forever 21 lace shorts that I
have um these are kind of shorter but we
have these on our websites and if you
want a pair just go to Lady days
boutique com and you can get a pair and
they're probably going to sell out
really quick because um every time I
wear these people want to know where I
got them especially my white ones so she
decided to order these and um yeah so
normally when I where am I always so
like a bunch of them so that's what I'm
wearing and then my shoes are just my
trusty favorites with the ankle strap I
got these at TJ maxx like a couple years
ago then earrings are from forever 21 i
got these a long time ago and then my
ring its from Target I got this a while
ago to UM hair has been cut a little bit
too much was cut off of it but you know
it'll grow Oh makeup as normal and
that's it so this is
my outfit of the day and like I said if
you want these shorts definitely go to
our website and get them they're really
really really comfortable like really
comfortable and you can almost wear
these with like tights in the winter but
since we live in alabama um you know we
were shorts until almost November and
you know I go to the beach in November
so i'll probably be wearing these shorts
because it's just it's hot here so
anyway yes i hope you guys enjoyed this
and I will talk to all of you saying for
your slogan or shadow